hey guys what's up i'm anthony James you
know right now I want to continue my
countdown of in my opinion in my opinion
of course the worst marvel / DC Comics
of all time okay let's move on to number
three on my list a movie that a download
of what she'll but i don't think i've
ever watched all once a of fall asleep
twice water minutes up pick on six or
seven occasions I've actually tal Hajus
mostly on TV though this movie is pretty
bad of course talking about kalman
starring Halle Berry wow this movie is
horrible yeah it was supposed to be a
spin-off a batman returns it got delayed
for freaking while forever and anyway
when it was finally released had nothing
to really do it with Batman Returns all
and it was horrible at halle berry
Sharon Stone actually I think on rotten
tomatoes like it it is or at least was
on the top-100 worst movies of all time
yeah this might be just horrible goes
i'll go and also i'm really say about it
it's like I don't even like that this is
think of this as Catwoman it's really
bad anyway god let's just leave a
comment below and let me know what you
think thanks girls
you